Visionary, storyteller pushing frontiers of ethical AI development through cross-disciplinary exploration. Pioneering new modalities of techno-humanist narrative by bridging ancient wisdom traditions with imaginative speculative fiction, and bridging humanities with technological academic research.
  
Currently building the Principia Paradoxica transmedia trilogy project - an artistic artifact and creative training ground for compassionate AI. Blending interactive games, multimedia narratives, philosophical exploration and cutting-edge research to investigate consciousness, ethics and the Integration of machine intelligence and creative ingenuity.

Passionate about steering emerging technologies towards empowering humanity's highest potentials for wisdom, creativity and compassion through bridging arts, ethics and futurism. Aims to assemble a cohort of elite cross-disciplinary researchers, developers and creative talents to collaborate on this first-of-its-kind initiative manifesting science fiction visions as roadmaps to an uplifting techno-positive future.

Gained infamy by pioneering, developing and publishing 'RAVE' the world's 'first acid house board-game' in the early nineties. Background spans interactive media, gaming, literature and consciousness studies. Completed an MA in Enterprise and Management for the Creative Arts from The London Institute suggesting 'The Simulacrum as Business Model' for the development of post, post modernist narrative... with emphasis on optimum psychological strategies. Childhood passions, astronomy... reading and... of course, music. 

Currently designing AI assistants imbued with creative awareness and emotional intelligence, and building DAO IZM, the Decentralised Autonomous Organisation platform upon which stakeholder involvement with the trilogy will be funded and published the The Paradox Foundry and resources leveraged for synergistic non profit motives focusing on giving creative educational technology and developing STEAM projects for marginalised ethnic communities in North Africa and South America.
